Track 07.09
Paul: Why do we have to go shopping, Sue? It’s so boring.
Sue: You know why, Paul.
It’s your mum’s birthday on Sunday.
We need to find a present for her.
Paul: That’s easy. I always buy a box of chocolates
and some flowers from that shop near the station.
Sue: Chocolates and flowers?
Those are boring. Let’s get something useful for her new flat.
Paul: Oh, right. Well,
let’s try this store here.
They sell lots of nice things.
Sue: OK. Look,
these cups and plates are nice.
They have pictures of cats on them.
Paul: Mum has a lot of cups.
I don’t think she needs any more.
Sue: Well, what about a clock?
Those clocks over there are nice.
Or how about a new lamp?
This one is good for reading
and your mum loves reading.
Paul: A lamp is a good idea.
I don’t like the colour, though.
Do they have any other colours?
Sue: I don’t think so.
They’re all brown.
Paul: Oh, right ... Hey, do you like
those little red tables over there?
I know Mum wants a
new table for her laptop.
Sue: Oh, that’s a good idea.
How much are they?
Paul: £60 each.
Sue: OK, let’s get one. And next,
we need to go to the card shop
and choose a birthday card.